(Blue Maiden)
They're moving into position,
Akira.
(Zaizen)
Good. Now listen, everyone!
We don't know which corridor
Ai will attack, so stay alert.
Those meatbags don't
want us to reach Zaizen.
They have the entire place
sealed up
tighter than a paint can.
So do you really think
we can get past ‘em?
After all, master,
there are 12 o' them
and only two of us.
Hmm.
In a duel it's not quantity
that counts, but quality.
Quality?
What do ya mean?
I ranked all our duelists from
the strongest to the weakest,
with the crème de
la creme at the top
and the sour de la
sour at the bottom.
I think, ya forgot to put
Playmaker on the chart.
(Ai)
Oh, he's there...
livin' in the basement.
What?
But I thought he
was one o' the best.
He was one of the best,
back when he was
teamed up with the bestest.
The guy waaaaay up there!
Wow, that's off the charts!
Yeah,
because I am off the charts.
You are the master!
(Ai)
I put you on the chart, too.
Huh?
Am I up there with you?
(Ai)
Mmmm, not exactly...
Whaaat?
Way down there?
Yes, of course,
because you haven't dueled yet.
But you can move up quick.
Really? How?
It's as easy as 1-2-3.
You just have to beat all
the high-ranked opponents
that you face today.
Do that and you'll shoot
straight up the pyramid!
Then watch out!
I'm gonna mop
the floor with ‘em!
That's the spirit!
Now let's go show
‘em what you can do!
♪
They're here!
(Blue Maiden)
This is it!
(Zaizen)
Playmaker! Soulburner! Varis!
They're heading your way!
(Playmaker)
Got it! We're moving in!
(Zaizen gasps)
They split into three!
(Soulburner)
Three of ‘em?
But I thought we just had to
worry about Ai and Roboppi.
The more the better,
because then there's more
of them for me to defeat.
Ai!
(laughs mockingly)
I found Ai.
I'm in pursuit!
Hey, Playmaker!
Ya look smaller!
Ai! Why are you fighting us?
After we worked hard so that
humans and Ai's could co-exist!
Yeah, we did, didn't we?
But since then I learned that
we made a huge mistake--
because it turns out that
Lightning was right all along.
Lightning was right?
You must be joking!
You were there Ai,
you know that everything
he did was to trick you!
Why would you ever want
to follow in his footsteps?
Why? For one reason:
Under his lies there
was something true.
The truth is,
me and you meatbags
aren't meant to be buds.
You're wrong.
What would Flame and Aqua think
if they were here right now?
I don't know what they'd think.
They're both gone,
so I'm the last Ignis.
And the only way to ensure we
don't go extinct is to wipe out
you meatbags.
Ai...
What's goin' on?
There's three of it!
How is that possible?
Huh?
(Ai)
Time to duel at last!
All right, Soulburner,
are you ready to duel?
Without Flame to help you,
you don't stand a
chance against me.
Listen--I don't want
to have to duel you, Ai.
And if Flame were here with me,
I know he wouldn't
want to duel you either.
Except you don't have
any choice, do you?
If you want to keep on existing.
(grunts)
Hello, Varis.
I bet I'm not gonna
have to twist your arm
to convince you to duel me.
Then you are not mistaken,
because I am eager to duel you.
In that case, enjoy it while
it lasts cuz it won't last long.
Which Ai is the real Ai?
For now, they have to
assume that they're all real.
Be careful!
And don't let your guard down!
Right.
Obviously.
Ai, I don't want to duel you,
but I will if I must.
And while I'm at it,
I'll show you the
error of your ways!
You can try, but you'll fail.
(all)
Let's duel!
They've started.
Indeed.
I'll go first, Playmaker.
I activate the Field Spell
IGNISTER A.I.LAND *!
When I don't have any monsters
in my Main Monster Zone,
an @IGNISTER can be
summoned from my hand
if it's Level is 4 or lower.
Come on out, ACHICHI @IGNISTER!
And I'm going to use
it to Link Summon!
Link 1 LINGURIBOH!
And then I can use IGNISTER
A.I.LAND's effect again
to summon DOYON @IGNISTER!
Then DOYON's own ability
lets me retrieve ACHICHI
from my graveyard.
Which I'll immediately summon.
Next, I set ACHICHI,
DOYON and LINGURIBOH
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 FIRE PHOENIX @IGNISTER!
They're all the same.
Those three Ai's
don't just look alike,
they're dueling
exactly alike, too!
What?
(Ai)
Just ta let you know,
my FIRE PHOENIX
is tougher to get rid of
than a case o' the hiccups
cuz when an effect
or ability destroys it,
I get to resummon
it on the next turn,
and oh, I also get to destroy
one of your monsters!
But that's just the appetizer.
Here's the main course!
I activate A.I. A.I. WALL
and use it on FIRE PHOENIX!
(groans)
What's this?
That may look
like a bunch o' Ai's
playin' Ring Around the Enemy,
but contrary to appearances,
this spell is no game!
For every Link Arrow
that FIRE PHOENIX has,
A.I. A.I. WALL gains a counter.
And as long as there's a single
counter on this card,
neither you nor I
are allowed to attack.
At least temporarily.
You see, A.I. A.I. WALL
loses one counter
at the end of each of our turns.
So we can't attack
for three turns.
Yes theoretically,
but there is a catch.
Every time a Link Monster is
summoned on your field,
A.I. A.I. WALL gains
another counter.
And that'll extend the time.
So you're hopin' to drag
this duel out forever, huh?
It's stalling for time...
keeping us busy while
it carries out its real plan!
That's some great
detective work!
Great but late.
(Kolter)
Two new blips on the radar!
Is that the real Ai?
It is indeed!
And the three of
us are Ai's decoys.
(grunts)
Heh. Two down.
(gasps)
Baira and Genome are gone!
It's over?
So fast?
Now, I have a clear path
leading straight to Zaizen!
(Faust)
Think again, Ignis!
Your journey ends here.
No matter what it takes,
I will delete you!
Oh yeah?
Then prove it, meatbag.
Master's gonna beat everybody
before I get a chance to duel!
I gotta find somebody to
duel so I can rank up quick.
(The Shepherd)
Or we can find you!
(grunts)
Hold it, squirt!
Whoa, my first duel is gonna
be against The Shepherd
and Gore Gal?
Not if you back down.
(Pandor)
Caution is advised.
I possess no dueling
data for this Roboppi.
Well, hello!
Who's that teeny
tiny fella ya got there?
I'm no fella.
My name is Pandor.
I'm an anti-Ignis AI.
Then that's a lucky thing
for me, ‘cuz I'm not an Ignis!
Now I'm takin' on both o' you
together,
so c'mon and let's get dueling!
Do you seriously think
you can duel the
two of us at once?
That's insulting.
Yeah, yeah.
Do me a favor and
save the hurt feelings
till we end this and
chase down Ai.
(scoffs)
Fine.
Cool!
My first duel ever!
It's gonna be so awesome!
(all)
Let's duel!
I'll let you choose whether
you wanna go first or second.
Aw, aren't you the sweetest.
Oh oh oh oh!
I also promise I won't use
my Skill during our duel!
(both)
Huh?
But the both o'
you can feel free
to use your Skills if ya wanna.
Really?
You're that confident,
are you, hon?
No no no!
It's just if I wanna
rank up quicker,
then I have to make this duel
as hard for me as possible!
You were already
way out of your league
before you hamstrung yourself.
But you just sealed
your own demise!
Mind if I go first?
Hey, yeah I do!
Well, at least he asked.
I'll start by summoning
DUPLICATE DRONE from my hand.
Next, I activate DUPLICATE
DRONE's special ability.
When I already have one
DUPLICATE DRONE in play,
I can summon a second
copy from my hand.
I also get to summon
SCUD DRONE from my hand
as long as I have
another DRONE monster
already on my field.
And I'll use it to Link Summon!
Link 1 BATTLEDRONE SERGEANT!
I'll use my remaining two DRONES
to Link Summon again!
Link 2 BATTLEDRONE WARRANT!
But I'm not stopping here!
I set BATTLEDRONE SERGEANT
and WARRANT in the Link Arrows!!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 BATTLEDRONE GENERAL!
(gasps) Awesome!
That's like a really
really cool monster!
I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
And that triggers
BATTLEDRONE's special ability.
At the end of my turn,
if I have no monsters in
my Main Monster Zone,
BATTLEDRONE resurrects
itself from my graveyard.
It's your turn.
Finally!
Here I go!
I draw!
I summon APPLIANCER
SOCKETROLL in attack mode!
(squeals)
And when I have a
SOCKETROLL on my field,
I get to summon a second
APPLIANCER SOCKETROLL
from my hand,
so that's just what I'll do!
And should I bring out
another buddy of yours?
(squeals)
Okay then, my lil' friend,
I guess I'll have to make
your wish come true!
When I summon a
second SOCKETROLL,
I get to summon a third
SOCKETROLL from my deck!!
(squealing)
Getting three monsters on your
first turn is pretty impressive.
If you think that's cool,
watch this!
Here I go!
Time to plug in my circuit!
The summoning conditions
require two Level 1 APPLIANCERS!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 APPLIANCER CELTOPUS!
That was pretty fun!
(squeals)
So I wanna do it again!
But this time, I Link Summon
Link 1 APPLIANCER
VACCULEPHANT!
My APPLIANCERS
help each other out
cuz when my CELTOPUS
is linked to another monster,
you can't target it
for effects or attacks!
And as for my other APPLIANCER,
when my VACCULEPHANT's
linked up with my CELTOPUS
I get to destroy one
of your monsters!
Vacuum up BATTLEDRONE WARRANT!
You wish!
I activate the trap
CAMOUFLAGE DRONE!
As long as this
card is on the field,
my DRONES aren't affected
by your special abilities
nor can they be
destroyed in battle!
So go sniff somewhere else!
Aww, I thought I had ya.
Whatevs!
I activate the spell
APPLIANCER REUSE!
It restores an APPLIANCER
from my graveyard
so that I can use it again!
Say hi again to SOCKETROLL!
Then say bye cuz I'm
using it to Link Summon
Link 1 APPLIANCER PROPELION!
(growls)
I play one card facedown.
And then, my VACCULEPHANT's
gonna attack your plane!
(The Shepherd)
You're making mistakes
worse than an amateur.
My “plane ” has more attack
points than your VACCULEPHANT.
Are you always
this super grumpy?
Or are you just mad
cuz you're wrong?
When a monster that's
co-linked to CELTOPUS battles,
CELTOPUS gives
it 1000 attack points
for every monster
it's co-linked to!
No!
(Roboppi)
“No? ” Uh uh!
Yeah!
3000 attack points!
That's bad, but I can
take some of the edge off.
I activate my Skill!
Drone Force!
For every DRONE
that's in my graveyard,
your monster loses
200 attack points,
and my Link Monster
gains those points
until the end of the turn.
(Pandor)
There are four
DRONES in the graveyard.
So your VACCULEPHANT
loses 800 attack points
while BATTLEDRAONE
WARRANT gains 800.
You made my monster weaker,
but ya can't stop it
from havin' a blast!
(growls)
(grunts)
Are you okay?
Yeah. It barely stung.
But it did sting right?
Now that the attack's over,
VACCULEPHANT's attack
points drop back down to 200.
Now it's my PROPELION's
turn to attack your Airplane!
And like last time,
CELTOPUS also gives PROPELION
2000 attack points!
(explosion roars)
(groans)
That one so had to have stung!
Wish I could keep goin'
but I ran outa monsters
to attack you with.
Too bad but,
I guess my turn's done!
When your turn is over,
my CAMOUFLAGE DRONE
is automatically destroyed.
And my Skill ‘s effect
also comes to an end,
so your monster's attack
points return to normal.
So now it's your turn, Gore Gal.
Take it away!
Next time let me go first.
Don't rub it in.
That “kid ” may look
all sweet and na ïve,
but it's really a
sophisticated program.
Wow whee!
Nobody's ever called
me sophisticated before!
My Master promised
he'd polish up my smarts
and that's exactly what he did!
He programmed me
with everything he
knew about everything--
and boy, did he open my eyes.
You humans really
are something else!
The whole world is a
huge mess because o' you--
and none o' you guys
ever took time to tidy up!
It's not too late to put
things back in order, though,
if you all would just step
aside and let someone else
take over the top job.
Meaning you?
Nah, I'm talkin' about
my awesome Master!
Just like he fixed me up great,
he can do the same
for the whole world,
and I'm helpin' him--
by sweepin' you away!
You have us all wrong, Roboppi.
It's useless to try
reasoning with an appliance,
no matter how advanced it is.
The only way to stop
it is to shut it down.
Yeah I sorta kinda agree.
This blah, blah,
blah won't get us anywhere.
Let's go back to dueling ‘cuz
it's way more exciting and fun!
Okay, Roboppi.
It's my turn.
Draw!
I'll start off by summoning
ALTERGEIST MARIONETTER!
Due to its special ability,
I can select an
ALTERGEIST trap card
from my deck and put it in play.
So I place ALTERGEIST HAUNTED
ROCK facedown on my field.
A haunted trap
card sounds scary,
but yours doesn't
scare me a bit.
Since I know it's comin',
I can deal with it.
Unless you don't have time to.
This trap card is a special one
that I can activate immediately.
So that's exactly
what I'm going to do.
Ha.
(whines)
I have to discard one
ALTERGEIST from my hand.
But then, whenever
I activate a trap card,
I get to summon ALTERGEIST
MULTIFAKER from my hand.
Now that I have two ALTERGEISTS,
I'll use them...
to Link Summon!
Link 2 ALTERGEIST HEXSTIA!
(growls)
With that,
a world of options opens up.
First, it lets me retrieve
ALTERGEIST POOKUERY
from my graveyard.
Second, it triggers my
FIJIALERT's special ability!
It lets me summon my
FIJIALERT's next to my brother's
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL's link.
(growls)
You don't mind if I use
your monster, do you?
Yes. But go ahead.
Hm.
My FIJIALERT's ability...
lets me transform one
Link Monster in play
into an ALTERGEIST!
So BATTLEDRONE WARRANT
now counts as an ALTERGEIST!
Next, I'm going to Link Summon!
And I can use the
POOKUERY that's in my hand
to count for one of the monsters
required to Link Summon!
I'm creating a circuit..
that links the known...
with the unknown!
The summoning conditions require
at least two ALTERGEISTS.
So I set POOKUERY, FIJIALERT's
and the now-ALTERGEIST
BATTLEDRONE WARRANT
in the Link Arrows!
Manifesting from the
edge of nightmares!
I Link Summon!
Link 4 ALTERGEIST MEMORYGANT!
But that's not all!
When I summon a monster
next to HEXSTIA's link,
HEXSTIA gains its attack points!
MEMORYGANT
has 2800 attack points,
so HEXSTIA powers up to 4300.
Whoa!
That's an awful big number of
attack points for one Monster!
My chances aren't
lookin' too good right now.
You shouldn't have dueled
me and my brother at once.
Because together,
we're unstoppable!